






Mphasis Walk-in Recruitment Drive 2026: Mphasis is hiring Transaction Processing Officer-Non Voice through off-campus placements for Bengaluru. A student from various disciplines can apply for the Mphasis Walk-in off-campus drive 2026. Interested and eligible candidates can read more details below. Details are given below:

Table of Contents
Toggle
About Mphasis:Subscribe our Official YouTube: Click HereMphasis Walk-in Recruitment 2026:Mphasis Walk-in Eligibility Criteria:Preferred skill:Walk-in Details

About Mphasis:




Mphasis is a global IT services and consulting company based in Bengaluru, India, specializing in digital transformation, cloud, AI-led solutions, application development, and infrastructure, serving sectors like banking, insurance, telecom, and logistics. Known for its customer-centric “Front2BackTM” approach, Mphasis helps enterprises modernize legacy systems using platforms like NeoIPTM, focusing on innovation, agility, and sustainability to deliver personalized digital experiences.


Subscribe our Official YouTube: Click Here


Mphasis Walk-in Recruitment 2026:



Company Name
Mphasis


Post Name
Transaction Processing Officer


Salary
₹2-3 LPA*


Experience
Freshers


Job Location
Bengaluru


Walk-in date
27 May 2026





Also, Apply For
HAL Walk-in Apprentice Recruitment | ITI Trade Apprentices for 205 Posts
Indian Army Recruitment Technical Entry Scheme (TES- 56) 2026 | Apply Now!
Always read details carefully before applying.


Mphasis Walk-in Eligibility Criteria:

Looking for Graduates & Post Graduates, preferred

Preferred skill:

Must be able to type at 30 WPM with 95% accuracy (as per test results on typing software)
Must be professional and courteous in all interactions with clients and staff
Must have basic skills in usage of MS Word and MS Excel
Must have strong interpersonal, good communication (write & speak) skills (comprehend and action written customer requests)
with a desire to work in a Back-Office Operations environment
Must be able to meet the set targets and work overtime as required
Stand for periods of time during meetings and/or other group events
Willingness to work in flexible shifts
Willingness to work from the office

Responsibility:-

Customer Focused Attitude
Willing to work at night and on rotation shift
Accurately follow the pre-defined business process
Ability to work within a team
Adaptable to changing demands and conditions
Ability to communicate at all levels and good communication skills
Staying current with knowledge of products/processes and services offered by the client
Ensure 100% adherence to the schedule

Walk-in Details

Interview Date: 27 May 2026.
Time: 9.30 AM – 2.00 PM
Interview Venue: 4th Floor, Block A, Bagmane World Technology Center, WTC 4, KR Puram, Marathahalli Outer Ring Road, Mahadevapura, Bangalore 560048.
Contact:  Kiran, Roshni & Divya

Documents to Carry:

Updated copy of resume
Valid Government-issued ID proof
Candidates must carry all original documents for verification
Candidates must carry a copy of this mail.











If you are interested kindly visit venue.


























Join our WhatsApp Community 
 click here


Join our Telegram Community 
Click here












 







